Feral Audio
Welcome back everybody
After two years on hiatus, Harmontown is now in session
For those of you not here live in Hollywood, California
Meltdown Comics, I am dressed as a pirate
Because I came from the Renaissance Fair
With all of the Harmonians
The Harmontown cast more or less
But without further ado, please welcome
The main pirate charge of shit, Mr. Dan Harmon
Feral Audio
Thank you
Welcome back
I missed you too
We all missed each other
We took a month off
It was good that we took a month off
I didn't really miss you during that month
I was exactly ready to come back
Because we spent the entire month at a Renaissance Fair
Yeah, we went to the Renaissance Fair
Listen, honestly, it seems dumb to disclaim this
But I am so fucking drunk and high
It seems stupid to even bother to say it
But I have to tell you
And that doesn't mean that I'm giving myself an excuse
I absolutely take it upon myself to give you your ten dollars worth
Is it still ten?
You're not walking out of here
Feeling like you wasted ten dollars
That's the fucking Harmon guarantee
But I am so drunk and so high
Because we went into a...
We got in a bus dressed as pirates
We went into a field
And we went into a place...
We've been doing this every year for the last four years
It's a goddamn...
The Renaissance Fair, you don't know what it really is
It's a goddamn mecca
It's more than Comic-Con
It's a more important thing
It's a Malcolm X level actual statement of fucking position
You go through these turnstiles and then it's like
No, there's guys that are wearing baseball caps
They're like, you're the nerd now!
You're the nerd!
Why don't you look weird?
You're the fucking nerd!
They're having fun and they're pushing their strollers
We like the Renaissance a little bit
Not enough!
You don't like it enough!
Where's your eye shadow?
Just fucking bully them!
You're the fucking nerd tonight!
Nothing bad happens to anybody
But it's just your blood pumps
That's why I go
Everybody's got a plastic sword
And you're the fucking nerd
Is that what you get out of it?
I started going...
You just like to wear women's shoes
You'll find that these slippers are Prada
They were given to me by Greg Poops
They were too big for him
I'm never going to wear size 14 jazz slippers
Until the Renaissance Fair came into my life
Those are my own socks though
Now...
There's a section that...
Everything I'm wearing right now
Minus my socks
Is from the women's section at a buffalo exchange to a store
These fucking pirate pants
Look like pirate pants, right?
I didn't do anything but rip the bottoms
And make them a little shaggy
It's fucking great
You get like Renaissance Fair
Guys, go to the ladies section
And you get a big ass billowy shirt
I don't know how I got this one
They even specifically look like...
Cookie... cookie thief
Like you're a cookie thief
It's hard to believe that there's a time and place in America
When women were pursuing the...
I don't know when these pants were
Ever anybody's idea
Except for me to find them and make pirate pants
Fucking great
And it's so comfortable I'm wearing these forever
Alright, Jeff's happy
I guess I'm experiencing my happiness through an angry valve
Well, a long time ago, years ago
I mean, well, a long time ago
Let's say six years ago
Before we had ever gone to the Renaissance Fair together
I was against Renaissance fairs
Because it sounded really stupid
It sounded like a big bummer
It sounded like a lot of bad improv
And a lot of people doing fake
Like Elizabethan and whatnot
And taking something stupid too seriously
So my friend Diva Zappa, the youngest of the Zappa clan
She also hates...
She hated Renaissance fairs
And she goes, I'm going to the Renaissance fair
I was like, why?
She's like, because I hate it
Because it's stupid
And I have to go look it in the eye
I have to go confront my terror
She went and I texted her the next day
I go, how was it?
She goes, I applied for a job
I'm like, what?
She's like, I don't know why
I don't know why I like it
I don't know if it's ironic
I don't know if it's sincere
I think it's a combination of both
Something magical
I know I need to be closer to that flame
Something magical is happening there
And it has absolutely nothing to do with history
Nothing to do with academia
There's no appreciation of anything
Does a guy dress like a little finger?
Like nobody fucking knows
And there's a million goggles
Like the steampunk is kind of like
Like a weird syphilitic bay
That runs through it
To the point where there's no kiosks
You can buy steampunk goggles
At the Renaissance fair
Because they're like
Somehow that overlaps
Not somehow
I know how
That's the point
I don't know
It's just anything that you could wear
That would make someone want to beat you up
It's just a bunch of people
Like, oh, wearing it
Who's going to beat me up?
Nobody's going to beat me up
But there's also a lot of avert
I would call generally
Not a jock culture
Not a macho culture
But a lot of avert sexuality
Where guys are just wholesale
That's the part I don't like
All right, on to that
Hashtag rape culture
If you have a Tumblr blog
And you would like to get outraged
Holy Toledo
That's right
Toledo with a C-H
It's a cheeto
Form of Toledo
It's an extra cheesy holy Toledo
If you're a 17-year-old girl
And you would like to be a social activist
If you're interested in rape culture
And the elimination of it
Starts at Irwindale, California
Where people are juggling and just going
Like every fucking booth you walk by
Like, oh, glass blowing
Oh, hello, Malini
Would you like a hard six inches
Of something hard and transparent
To go up into your purse
Like every fucking thing is like a joke
About non-consensual sex
Absolutely
Oh, I was like the drip my mead
On the globes of the thing
And everybody's just like
It's none of its inventive
But on the flip side
Weird Al Rapovic
Is what I would call the vibe
They're kind of like connecting semantic dots
Like, oh, I make a rainstake
Oh, it's a hard, hard eight inches of wood
Oh, my lady
Just because something looks like a dick
Doesn't mean you can say it's a dick
And threaten to hit someone with it
And come with them, come on
They're really thinking still there
In the middle of that field
They're like, well, if you can
If you can connect those dots
If something looked like a dick
If it was longer than it was wide
And
Whether you're selling a candle
Or a glass or a sword or a turtle
Like, it's satire
I think it's satire of rape
What we're selling
From what I've heard, and I cannot verify this
But from what I've heard, like
First hand, I've gone now to, I would say
Four of these, right? We've gone to four, right?
I think we've gone to four
Four and five years we've gone
There are certain groups
That go to the Renaissance fair
And pleasure fuckfest
And they, some are war camps
Or the people that put on the war pageants
And the jousting bits and stuff like that
Some are old, like, kind of Medici looking
Like, you know, kind of Borgia
Like Italian kind of clans
And they stay there, they stay there for the whole
I think the whole goddamn time
And I believe they stay in character
And they get down
Because it gets down, they get down
When the sun goes down, if you're leaving
If you're leaving the Renaissance fair
As the sun is starting to set
And it's like, it's time to get the feel
The mosquitoes are coming out
Yeah, and it's like, everybody that works there
Is already like, got sights set on somebody
That they're just like, I'm gonna fuck that
Corn dog, selling lady over there so much
I'm gonna fuck that corn dog lady
I'm just, yes, I'm gonna go
Yeah, I'm gonna fuck that corn dog lady
From what I've heard, that
When the paying customers leave
And when the lights
That don't exist go down
When the anachronistic lights go down
In the non-city
Do I wanna be there
Using a period excuse to not use a condom
Yes, sir
Whoa
From what I've heard, maybe somebody
Maybe somebody in our audience here tonight
Can hit me to the actual details
What I've heard is that
I would be surprised if Herman John's audience
But there's three people here tonight
Who lost their virginity at a red fair
Or that certainist corn dogs
Four hours ago
But I've heard that it's like a rampant STD situation
Because nobody wants to wear condoms
Because that ain't period correct
Yeah, you don't want to be an anachronistic
And not give somebody herpes or aids or whatever
I've heard that it's just like
Spyrokeets of poppin'
Alright
Can anybody verify or deny that?
No
Yes, I am professor
Like a guy would come up and
Someone could say they worked at a thing
That's what I've heard
But apparently it's a really
But it's fine so far
Can we talk about the party bus a little bit?
No way, we're in a party bus
There's limos
And there's limbs of veins
And there's ham of veins
And there's all kinds of different
There's golden doodles and chip o' vacays
There's different kinds of vehicles you can get
If you get a party bus
That's a fuckin' like
That's a bus that
Usually relegated to
you know, developmentally empowered students where they've stripped the tent off the windows
and then put it back on. Like, now it's for partying. What I'm saying to you kids is it's
a short bus, but they've taken out all the seeds and then they've put plywood on the
floor. There was at least one stripper pole in it. There's a stripper pole in it. How else
are you going to dance and have a good time? There was a hole under my feet. I sat in the
back and there was a hole that you could see the highway. There's a freeway underneath
your feet. You can look down. It is concrete. You can see it. I'm wearing slippers. If my
slipper fell off, that was the end of that slipper because there was just the freeway
underneath it. You could drop your phone down that hole and never see it again. Hold me
up with a beat. No, I'm kidding. I don't know why. Also, I'm really drunk. I'm really
drunk. But Dan, let me say, I'm doing it off my iPhone because I didn't remember to bring
my iPads. That's why tonight's going to be great. I'm on the beats section in case you
want to be. What wasn't there a... Okay. Do you guys see my $70 wooden cup I'm drinking
out of? They told them that the wood enhances the flavor. It enhances the flavor of the
beer. It enhances me that wood. It doesn't make any sense because you'd have to coat
it with some kind of plastic. You don't know that, man. It's not such a thing as a wooden
cup. The idea that it enhances the flavor is funny. Also, I thought I was being environmentally
sound because I went to a show the other night and there was a charity there that was funding
it and it was all about not refusing to use one-use plastic. Not having just a plastic
water bottle or the order food to go. I don't want the plastic fork. I'm taking it home.
I don't want the plastic fork that I'll use once throw away and it ends up in one of the
gyre systems in the ocean. Yeah, great. I don't want the straw. I'll drink it without
the straw. It's a very noble thing. So you go to the rent fair and you buy a nice $70
wooden cup that enhances the flavor of the beer and then they can't pour it into the
goddamn wooden cup. They had to pour it into a plastic cup that you pour into your beer
and then they throw it out. It's fucking bullshit, man. How'd you get so drunk and high, Dan?
Walk us through it. How'd your day start? Before we bring other people up, wasn't there
a news item? Wasn't there a party bus where a woman was dancing and she was party busing
and then she felt through the floor? No one heard about that? Okay. All right. Well, let's
not worry about it. Wait, I worried about it. Tonight, tonight, we were brought to the
rent fair by FirstImpressions.com. Look them up. Dan had a flintlock gun, not quite a blunder
bus, but sort of like a flintlock musket, we'll call it. And you left it at the goddamn
restaurant. Fuck that. I had it the whole time. We walked into Elkham Prodway down the
road and people were unhappy about it. No, no, we were well received. I didn't think
it was great. To do was great. I went to the men's room and one of the waiters came up
and said, no, no, no, the ladies room is that way. Then I turned around and he's like,
Oh, but that's just him. He's just seven feet tall. This is a West Hollywood. We had
a bad time. No, we had a good time today. I can't believe that parrot stayed safety
pinned to your shoulder the entire time. All right, come on. Give me a beat. Give me a
beat. Let's fucking rap. Why do these people come here? Let's fucking rap. Yeah, yo, yo,
yo, smooth rap. Yeah. Yeah. Smooth, slow, smooth, you want a faster rap? No, no, no.
No, no, no, no. From the street rap, from the tip to the sky to the top of the floor.
I'm gonna fuck your mama down to the ceiling and floor. I just, I just run the words floor
and floor and when I'm done getting fucking your mama gonna rhyme some more. I fucked
your mama in her knee in her eye. I fucked your mama with her shoe in her thigh. I fucked
your mama's legs fucked her butt. I fucked your mama in the eye and your dad said, What?
I said, Hey, Mr. Domino fence. I'm just fucking your wife. It's the best defense. And he was
like, Whoa, okay, let me process this. And after a while, he was open to it. He got dressed
up a spider man sat on a chair. Watch me fuck your mama and he didn't seem to care. He started
rubbing his crotch and getting hot. I fucked your mama like her name was Tater Tot. Fuck
daddy too. Fucked everyone and you were taking a bath. I came creeping in and said, Let me
help you with your math. Two plus two is four. But what's going down below here and more?
He looked at balls and stroke your shaft. I was like, head with the angry inch. You're
fucking doing that. Yeah. Down the drain. Everyone's homophobia is catching the train.
We're going cross country and more. Every culture is going to advance more. Everybody's
cool with everything. Yeah. All the races. Yeah. Fuck your mama some more black people
game people. Dan Harmon, everybody. Dan Harmon. Is that what you wanted? I know that's why
you came here tonight. I thought I thought your rap would be a little bit more renaissancey.
I thought it would rhyme more. I thought there'd be more rhyming. It rhymed plenty when you
were rhyming the same word. I thought your mama was a shoe. And then I put on a sock
and put on a shoe. I'm really drunk and high. I can't stress the high part enough. I need
people to know. I'm also high. Yeah? Yeah. You're not allowed to just say you're drunk.
How high are you? I'm super high. All right. So let's bring up. Come on. The show's going
great. We've been off for a month. We're coming back with the best show ever. There's nothing
Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get Kumeil Nanjiani out here. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. By the way, you don't look like your face doesn't match
the renaissance era, but you really were born in the wrong time, my friend. But you saw
Spencer, right? Like Spencer. Oh, of course. We all know that. Like Spencer, Spencer's
the last guy that would like bother to dress up for something. But if a renaissance guy
came through a portal, yeah, he would, if he caught a glance at Spencer, he'd be like,
Hey, what's going on? Oh, a friend. Spencer looks like a fucking alchemist. Yeah. And
all he did is put on a mustard shirt at our best. Yeah. He, Spencer could be wearing a
Ninja Turtles shirt in the time travel. We're like, what am I on? How are we? We should,
let's bring Spencer out just to look. Spencer. You guys are dressed like assholes. Yeah.
Sorry. Where did you get that hat? It's just my hat. When the sun's out, that's the hat
you put on. Yeah. Going to the game. It's great. Yeah. It's got a very straight bill.
It doesn't impede my vision. No, I got all this stuff at a costume place. I just went
in there and came out. Was that your first renaissance fair experience? This is my first
all sorts of experiences. I drink mead. There's a turkey leg involved. I was surprised that
you were, that you wanted to go. Okay. Did you have a good time, Spencer? Yeah. I mean,
it's like a state fair, except everyone's acting all dumb and weird. Well, so you have
a very different take than Dan does. No, I loved it, but everyone's like, oh, the lord
wants a ducket for his coop. I'm like, no, I want a cider. What does meat taste like?
Is it just like beer? I mean, it's not as good. I mean, well, beer's not. I don't know. Alcohol
tastes alcoholic, and then it has these weird flavors that taste bad. That's about all I've
been able to understand in terms of flavor profile of alcohol. I wish I'd gone. I just
got back in town this evening. I would have loved to have gone. I've never been. What have
you been up to? Nothing, right? Aside from being the star of a television show. Yeah,
I haven't been up to anything. She's been hanging out. I was in Atlanta, which is actually,
is anyone from Atlanta? It's like a pretty good city. It's what is it? Okay, that's
crazy. Yeah, I remember Woody Allen made that movie Midnight in Atlanta. What a great movie
that was. The black and white one called Atlanta. It's a, it's a good. Was that Casablanca?
No. Well, I was going with Woody Allen, so it was Manhattan. Oh, Manhattan. Yeah. That
is fantastic. It's, it's, yeah. Don't they have like, like all the traffic lights, they're
on strings. That's weird. What? They just hang in from strings. Why can't you just let
a city do something? Well, you know, here we have them on poles and stuff. What are
the strings hanging from? The stars? Yeah. Yeah. No, the ceiling. The ceiling. The ceiling
of Atlanta? He doesn't know. Nobody tell him. Nobody tell him. Atlanta, the entire city
is indoors. Yeah, should have mentioned it's under a dome. I don't know why we didn't bring
that up. Is that, I didn't even notice. I barely look up. Oh yeah. Yeah. Well, they
have these big white roads and they have a lot of traffic signals and they just have
like six or seven traffic signals just on this big string that's strung between two
poles. It's weird. It's not even a, it's not funny. It's weird. I didn't notice that. Is
that right? Atlanta Lake? She, she disagreed. I've been there like two or three times. That
was literally the only takeaway I had. When you're there, you feel like the city's trying
to make you fat. That's the takeaway I took. They're like, you don't want, for a side,
you want a fried chicken biscuit? Just for a side, it was $2. I was like, yeah, that's
just a side. It was like a full fried chicken sandwich for $2. That's how I felt in Nashville
and Portland and everywhere, but Los Angeles. Los Angeles is the only city where there's
such a thing as a restaurant. It's like, well, we're, we're, you know, high protein, low
lactose. Like you can go in and get a little square of fish. We were, we were at this,
the same diner and this guy was there and he was very nice and we ordered food and we
told some funny story and he laughed and he was like, the funniest thing happened earlier
today. You guys missed it. This woman came in and I'm not going to do the Southern accent,
but like imagine like a racist version of that and then don't change anything. And he's
like, the funniest thing happened earlier today. This woman came in, came in and she
asked for toast. She asked for, she asked for gluten free and then we were like silent
for what seemed like three minutes. It's just like staring like, are there, is there more
to this story? Nope. I think the world was silent for three minutes and then one put
in our order. Good story guy. So life changed for you now that you're, I mean, it seems
like you've been on a very linear 45 degree rise. Like I don't perceive your life as changing
in quantum shifts, but you are now a regular character on this Mike Judge show. Yeah. I
just, I'm curious as have you perceived any shifts happening in your reality? No, I mean,
I, I get recognized like more, but you know, the kind of recognize where they're like,
Hey, how's it going? Where they think I went to like college with them or something? There's
a lot of that. We'll be like, Hey, how are you? I'm like, good. I've never seen your
face before. So they don't, they don't put it together a lot of times. How are your mom
and dad taking this? Well, they're taking it by not bringing it up at all. So it aired,
you know, it aired and I was like, Hey, watch the show. Two weeks went by and they did not
bring it up. And then I said, Hey, did you watch my new show? And she said, Yeah. And
then it was silent for longer than it was silent with that waiter in Atlanta. She didn't
say anything. And then she was like, it's good. And that was it. Great. This is all
I want from them. I don't want them to love it. First of all, fuck, I do want them to
love it. If your son is on a show, even if you don't love it, fucking love it, you know,
love the fucking show that your son is on. But even if you don't love it, just tell me
you love it. That's all I want. What do you think? Because that's a that's a through line
in your life. You've told several of these kinds of stories where they're terse about
your, yeah, like career. What do you think there is blocking them from just being effusive
or being upfront about what they don't like about it? I don't know. My brother was in
town and he sees him every other week. He lives like by them. And I, we were like hanging
out and I hadn't really hung out with my brother as an adult very much. And I was like, Hey,
so like, how's your relationship with your pair with our parents? Your parents? That
says something. Are their parents to you? No. And he was like, he was like, it's fucking
weird. And then we just bonded over how weird he said, he talked about how like there's
like this wall where we don't talk about there's like a big filter. Is that just because that's
that that's their identity? Or is that could you expand that and say that's a Pakistani
kind of cultural thing or no? I don't know. I mean, I don't know how many Pakistani parents
have kids who, you know, are in HBO shows. Is it a, is it a religious thing? Are your
parents like devout Muslim, for instance? They are devout Muslims. But I think this
is more like, you know, usually when you have, when you have parents, your relationship evolves
in the beginning, they're just your caretakers and they're your disciplinarians. And as you
grow, it becomes more of sort of a friendly relationship, not you never become peers,
but there's like a warmth to it that, hopefully. Yeah. We have a warmth, but we never crossed
like the line into actually being able to talk about stuff. It reminds me of like Dan,
like you and Schrab and like my, my, my Midwestern friends. Yeah. It's a very Midwestern. It's
funny how familiar that sounds. Like I truly like, there is a weird filter there where
I felt like my parents were like lizard people. I, I, there was a certain, it was like, I,
I remember being a kid and laying my head on my mom's lap and it was, and then, and
then I remember the day when my mom tried to touch me and I was like, yeah. And I, and
I, religion did have something to do with it, but it was also moreover, it was almost
like there was an unspoken tradition about the nature of kids and their parents that,
that I, I hit an age where actually on both sides, there was an unspoken agreement that
like this is over. Yeah. We're not, we're not, we're not cuddly anymore. Yeah. Because
there's no reason to be. It's not you. It's not me. It's all based on logic. And when
I see that Star Trek episode when Spock says like, huh, well, it's every seven years, here's
something I buried the lead on before I joined Starfleet, uh, every seven years. I, I have
to go back to my planet and I got to fuck her fight. Yeah.
I should have brought it up earlier, but the writers ran out of storylines this year.
Honestly, Captain Kirk, I got your back and everything else, but can you give me a ride
to third and Lancashire? And, and, and Captain Kirk's like, okay, that's fine. Is there anything
you want to talk about? Absolutely nothing. And he just like goes back to his planet and
has to deal with the shit. There's a compartmentalization.
Yeah. Certainly there is. And I think part of it for me was, you know, I left when I
was 17 and I wasn't like a person yet. And then I became a person away from them. And
when they met me, I was like a, a person. And I think they never were able to reconcile
the person with their son. So I think that divide is still there where they never really
see me develop into like an actual, you know, is that because they, they didn't feel they
were a part of that change of that shift? I think it probably weird them out that I'm
not the same, you know, I'm very different from when I was a kid. I was very, very shy.
Like I wouldn't talk like I wouldn't go to, okay, this is kind of revealing. It's weird.
I had this weird thing until I was like pretty, um, well, I wouldn't, I was very shy. I couldn't
like buy stuff at the store. I thought they wouldn't like sell me stuff here in the States
or back home, back home, back home. Well, I was like, because I thought that I was very
ugly always until like, I was pretty like, you know, old. Uh, and, uh, so, so I thought
like, Oh, the stores won't sell me stuff. So because I'm ugly, what did you want a handsome
hat? I feel ugly again. Come on, sell me the chips. No, I just felt weird. I don't know.
And so I was like very, very shy and introverted. And then they suddenly met me and I was like,
you know, more outgoing and like talkative and stuff. And so I think I was weird. Where
did that, that extreme shyness come from? Like, can you trace that back? Um, well, it came
from how I thought I looked at, that's how it came, which was weird. Did you ever ask
your mom if you were handsome? Uh, no, I did. How old were you to tell me how old? Yeah,
I want to know what room of the house you're in. Yeah, set the scene. Interior. I was in
my living room. And I want you to word it exactly as you were in it. I was in my living
room and I, I think it was 14 or 15. And I asked my mom, that's funny that one detail
could make a story go from funny to sad. You guys thought I was 23. You thought I was some
kind of loser? I got it. I know, I know. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I learned to drive
a car soon, but tell me, am I handsome? I asked my mom if I was handsome. Would you, if you
had to go back and sort of pinpoint when your relationship with your mom got weird?
Did you ask her to rate you from zero to 10? Wait, so she, she, in my mind, she's, in my
mind, she's like in the kitchen, like, like, like, like putting a sandwich in a bag. She's
having a normal day. She doesn't know what's going to happen. She didn't buy a chicken
to this ride. And all I do is get pregnant at 22. A five foot ten gentleman walks into
the kitchen. A Ralph Macchio felt hat, yin-yang on the sleeve of his frosted denim jacket.
Mom, am I good looking? What happened? Is that what you want? What'd she say? She, she,
she laughed. Which anyone would. Well, as the audience did just now. Right. Yeah, I mean,
like, that's the thing. I'm realizing I, I'm the weird one. That's, that's a tough, that's
a tough. What in there? I was steeple to chase. What is, what did her face do? And then what
did her mouth say? She, she immediately made it clear that that was one of the worst questions
you, you can ever ask a mother. And it was like, I don't know. You're fine. Like she
just tried to get through it. You know how they say everyone like in mother's eyes, even
through the mother's eyes, she's like, you're fine. What had happened that day, Dan, that
led you to that question? I don't know. I assume it was some girl in high school that
was, I don't know, that was. Were you going to like go? Inexplicably not responding to
my obsessive compulsive notes that I was giving her. Sir, I said circle one. Yeah. Why haven't
you circled one? Was the plan to go back? Maybe it's the shape of my face. Hey, mom,
was the plan to go back to her armed with your mom's response as a reputable. I asked
my mother. It seems you are mistaken. I believe you. I believe you. I believe you. I believe
you. I believe you. Guess what, Tracy? Someone just told me I look like David Duchovny. I have
a list of references. I think you might want to look over. Yeah. Oh, no. I don't believe
me. I, this will shock you at the age of 15 when I asked my mom if I was good looking.
I didn't know what I was doing. I had no idea where it was going to go from there. She said
you're fine. Yeah. I didn't walk away from that conversation feeling handsome. And that's
not on her. That's not a mom's job. No. Like you said, she just got pregnant before she
was born. She didn't sign up for you. All right, buddy. I imagine it like, try not to
smoke pot. Take it easy on the skateboards. I just had sex that one time and now you're
in my kitchen being weird. Yeah. This is not fair to me. I need a government subsidy if
I'm going to be teaching this activity. Yeah, you're real hot stud. Take your shirt off.
Here's your hot pockets. Get the fuck to school and get out of my house. Jesus Christ, you're
15. You're jerking off. You're shooting cum everywhere. I think no one should be talking
to you about anything. Get the fuck out of here. Thank God for video games. Get the fuck
out of my house. You're a weird, fucking weird, scrawny Gary Busey looking. I imagine you
going back to playing video games and asking Mega Man the same question. Am I good looking?
Yes. Let's get more of our friends out. Oh, brother. Let's bring out my fiance and Matt
Gourley at the same time. There's no way to quit. No. We're trying to find more chairs.
Kumail, he'll get another mic. If I know Kumail, I'm really drunken. Sorry. What do
you guys bring to the table? What do you want? These are just two other people that woke
up too early. Matt Gourley, before Erin, by the way, has a marvelous outfit on that she
cobbled together. Looks like a million bucks. Matt, this is just a trip through your girlfriend's
closet if I'm not mistaken. It's five minutes into my girlfriend's wardrobe. Erin, how many
men implied that they would like to have non-consexual wool sex with you while you're walking
on a circular dirt road around a bunch of vans? I just leave the fare to go to Rape Vanfield.
That's what they're going to say. It's Rape Vanfield. One of the actual booths is just
a Rape van. It really is. I don't know what the protocol for a guy is. If you're walking
with your girlfriend down a dirt road and everyone's dressed like Toucan Sam and Bernie
Rubble and whatever the fuck, everyone's like, oh, we're having a good time. If there's just
a guy at a glass-blowing stand, if he goes like, glass-blowing, oh, hello, my lady. Looks
like you've got two glass bulbs that I'd like to blow on, like the nipples of those glass
bulbs. You're supposed to just keep walking, right? That doesn't make me Willie Lohman
or anything. You stab him. You stab him. Am I supposed to stop and go like, hey, fuck
face? What's up? Yeah. I'm Adam Sandler. I don't think any of those things were specific
to me, but there was a point where there was a nuts salesman or a ball salesman that's
like, how am I eating my nuts? Dan and I were joking about this very thing, and I said,
I just want to go up to him and say, yeah, I'm going to fucking eat your nuts. I'm just
taking my hands. I just want to squeeze your little baby nuts. Just take them. You want
me to squeeze your nuts? Does that feel good? Am I your mommy? I'm going on and on, and
Dan said, Aaron, you're in a forest of children. We had walked, she was doing that, Ben. She's
like, what if I said that? We were walking there. There was like 18 children. And between
them, their collective age wasn't to 30. There was like half a dozen children. Mommy, why
does that, why does that woman want to squeeze that man's testicle? There was this guy at
the Mead Hutch or wherever we were. And he had, he was selling this special deal where
he had these like, like, kooche ball sponges full of cold water and he would put them on
the backs of women to cool them down. He was selling this, mind you. And then the girl
that had it done, her boyfriend was right next to him and then he put it on her chin
and he goes, look familiar. What? To the boyfriend. Wait, meaning that the sponge is like balls?
Yeah, because they were ball shaped. Oh, there was someone with a mister who was like, get
it all over your face. That's what you're, you stare and check, you know, like, you kind
of, you kind of fade away. It doesn't hold up to the fucking cancel cold bear standard.
Like, like, if you go in there with the slightest ounce of fucking, if your Geiger counter is
like, it won't last five seconds. Everyone beyond those gates is like, oh, my balls and
my dick. You look like a fucking dick heartache. Wow, right, my dick on you. Like in the Renaissance.
I will say to their credit, all those men that are saying all those things are very respectful
and bad. That was such a dumb joke. That was such a dumb joke. Hey, real quick. A couple
of days ago, I was watching, I had Conan DVR and I was playing the commercials, which is
something you don't usually, you don't usually see commercials. And I saw a promo. It sounds
like the dumbest. The worst. So there was a promo for a new segment where they said,
prom's proposals, an epidemic. And then it cut to like a clip of these kids proposing
to their girlfriends at prom. And they're like too much too soon. And I remember thinking,
like, oh, that's so silly. Like that seems like a, I don't know, let the kids propose
prom. Totally unrelated from that. I just met someone backstage named Luke. Will Luke
come on stage? Luke, all right. Unrelated. All right. Unrelated. Luke. Real quick. What
are you doing for prom? You want to go with me? Yeah. You go with that. Is he proposing?
He just said not at all what I expected. I hope that was okay. Wait, I'm really confused
right now. Are you guys in high school? Yeah, it was an actual thing. You just asked this
girl to the prom. Yeah. And she said yes. Oh, I thought you were saying, I know I was
here, but I have a lot of questions, Luke. You watched it happen. By the way, she could
not say no. I thought you were saying, I thought you were saying, Aaron, that there are people
that are kids that are proposing at prom to for marriage. Well, he's got another thing
in his pocket that she's gonna see at prom. I thought that maybe that intro would qualify
it in a way is to not embarrass Luke, but maybe it embarrassed him. No, no, no, Luke
is cool. Luke's not the one who's embarrassed. Can I do it again? Can I do it again? Half
the audience just said, no, you cannot do that. Am I the only one here that thought you
were saying a story about how kids are proposing marriage at prom? Yeah. Okay. So I thought
it was a 18 year old reception. That is what she was saying. You were. No, no, no, no.
They were talking about how kids are having very elaborate prom asking. Oh, they're turning
it into... He's got his name written on your hand. I came up before and asked me if I could
get him in. Luke, what's the girl's name? This is Haley. Hello, Haley. Are you happy
about this prom proposal? Okay. Let's take that again with more sincerity. And action.
Are you guys friends? Yeah, we know each other. Yeah. So I know you know each other, but...
They're like this. Luke, how could I have done that better? What were you hoping for?
I did great. You did everything I expected you would do. Why is that so creepy? You did
everything I expected. He just used you as a ploy to do what you do. And he's like she'll
do it bad and then we can make fun of her and that's how we'll fall in love. The dot
I'm not connecting is they're not high school kids. They are high school kids. Oh, they are.
She's asking her to go to prom. Prom proposals. It wasn't a marriage proposal? She's asking
her to go to prom? Yes. God forbid that go wrong. Ken, where were you? In the Renaissance?
What happened? Yeah, but you guys are just friends. We've been friends. Luke and Hailey.
They know each other from history. American friends or French friends?
Luke and Hailey. So you're friends. You want to go prom with each other or you at least
wanted Hailey to go with you, Luke. This is a culture of things that's happening where
kids are doing more and more elaborate proposals. Are we living in a world now where you come
to a podcast and do that? Are your friends also doing that sort of thing? Yeah, they're
a different podcast. There's a guy at Douglas movies right now. Yeah, you couldn't have worked
up a flash. Hailey. They tried to get WTF but he's booked out for a while. Hailey, do
girls ask guys out in the same way? Yeah, what's the Sadie Hawkins protocol? Do girls
also initiate or is it only guys initiating? No, nothing for the girls. They're guys initiate?
But you could, right? I mean, there's nothing precluding you from that. You'd be spit on.
You'd be spit on? What? If a girl asked a guy, would you go to the prom with me? The
guy would spit on them? She's saying you're putting yourself, as much as you're putting
yourself out there, a guy asking a girl to prom. It's way more.
Yeah, we haven't progressed to this point yet. Luke, be honest, Luke. What percentage
would you say that you thought that was a done deal? Like she was going to say yes?
Um, well... 50-50? 80? Be careful, Luke. Yeah, I had that shit in the bag. We're really
good friends. She doesn't go to my school but she used to go to my school. You know,
I feel like she... Was she expelled for a... For going to too many proms? She was the
Hester Prynne of their high school. Big pee on her chest. She did ask a guy to prom?
Oh yeah, she got spat on. That's why she left. Are you kidding me? What is happening?
It's a really bad set of 200. No, no. This is true. Luke, don't try with us. You guys
what, 17, 18 hold you? I'm 18. You're 18? Mm-hmm. And? Mm-hmm. Okay. Really, you're
18? You're 18? As far as we know, yes. Luke, when you asked your mom if you were physically
attractive, when you were nervous about today, what did she say? No offense, I think Luke
is the kind of guy that has the kind of looks where he knows the answer already. We all
do. Yeah, Luke's mom is responding with fine. She's opening with fine. I just came from
a Dusty Love Festival. He wanted to prove that he could ask a girl to prom in any way.
He's just flaunting it. Yeah. He's like, I could poop will you go to prom with me on
a plate? She'll still say yes. I'm going to take her to a show and bear as the fuck out
of her. I'm fucking Luke, man. I feel a little used by Luke a little bit. Well, I'm jealous.
There was nothing, there was no amount of flowers I could give to a girl that would make
her do anything. Spencer, what kind of high school romantic path did you forge? I went
to high school. Did you do it in high school? I went to high school. Did you get any action?
I went to high school. Did you attend a prom or? Yeah, yeah. I mean, I had friends that
were girls. It's not hard to, you know, hey, I mean, they're incredibly lovely people.
Yeah. Women, you know, you know, women, they love, they love dressing themselves up. Right
up book, my friend. Proms? Yeah. Only Spencer could get away with saying that. Yeah. Tim
Allen said that again. Oh, Spencer being delightful. Did you have a, did you have a high school
sweetheart? No, I'm just dodging all these questions for no fucking reason. It's not
that far. Talking about myself, things I do and all my relationships. There was a girl
in high school. I mean, there's tons of girls in high school. Like it was half the student
body. I remember like they're, they're a big, they're a big prom proposals. I'm gonna keep
on saying it until it's a real thing. Did you go to, did you go to any of the functions?
Did you go to the dances? I went to, in high school, there actually weren't like, for what
we did, middle school had a lot of dances and then high school basically only had like
homecoming and prom. So I, I, I didn't go to homecoming because those were just like
a glorified football game. Um, I mean, there was a dance, but no one even went to that.
It was just part of the football game. Everybody went. No. Nerd. I was at the football game
part, but like there's like an auditorium. No one was in it. Like there was, like there's
literally a dance that people weren't attending because they were watching football. I'm not
going to defend football school. Spencer went to football school. That's where he learned
his, uh, what is it? The wolf kicking dance. Oh yeah. Yeah. In the morning, they'd have
to call coyotes out of the field. Yeah. We need, there's a job for 10 men. No, just send
Spencer. I mean, this is, that's like dramatized, but I was like that guy. Like when there's
weird stuff, people would be like, Hey, Spencer, can you climb onto that roof and you know,
I eat that bug for me. I need it. I need someone to eat this bug. Did you really eat bugs?
Not in high school. I mean, people eat sushi. They're water bugs. Yeah. Food's weird, man.
I mean, well, people actually, people actually eat bugs like as a normal thing. It's normal
to them, I guess, right? Sure. Yeah. I should have went with that first. Sushi's a weird
leap. I think we're fishing weird too. I don't need anything that has a non standard number
of legs. So like zero or four is okay. No legs, fish, fuck off. Eight legs. What about
oysters or clams? I don't know. What about amputee livestock? How many? If it's two,
how would you know? If it's two legs, then it's fine. But I mean, you've probably eaten
three legged hamburgers in the past. Yeah, but they were born with four legs. What about
like milk fed three legged veal? I don't do veal, bro. They're about lobsters. No lobsters.
Because of their non standard amount of legs. Well, they look, they look like giant bugs.
Like they are giant bugs. Yeah. Who doesn't have exoskeleton? Bugs have exoskeleton. So
you won't eat lobster? No. By the way, I got to say the term amputee burgers has never
been said before. And Spencer again, blazing trills. No, I don't eat lobster. I don't
eat any seafood. And I don't. It's not like a moral thing. I'm just kind of creeped out
by it. You don't like, cause the, cause the legs. Yeah, that's part of it. Too many legs,
too few legs. No, thank you. Have you ever had good octopus? No, it's got like eight
legs. Yeah. That's defined by his legs. Sea turtles. I'm telling you, that's some good
shit, bro. Octopus is good shit. Octopus is good. Is it springy? Yeah, it is. It's rubbery.
Yeah. But when it's good, it's like, it's a salty bubble gum. It's kind of, it says
it, when it's bad, bad octopus, bad octopus has like a rubbery skin on the outside of
it. I have an issue with this. You and I have been dating for three years and we've gone
out to several places where they have octopus. And every time you get out, you're like, ah,
not the good stuff. I don't believe you anymore. Like, I know, ordering octopus and you're
this octopus expert, but I think maybe you were drunk one time and you had octopus. And
you're like, I'm the best. And then every other time I've been in the shirt. And it
was like meatloaf. He just thought it was good. Yeah. We've been to very fine restaurants
where he's like, no, not the same as blah, blah, blah, blah.
I heard a rumor that a certain percentage of calamari is served that is like cow and
it's like pig, pig butt. Pig butts a little. Who cares? I've heard that. Then guess what?
Pig butts delicious. Nine out of 10 pig anuses are fucking delicious. Because I heard that
story in NPR. That's a real thing. Yeah. I mean, it's not. Yeah. All right. Pig. Yeah.
Some of it's pig anus. It's good. All right. All right. It's time for our next segment.
What time is it? Nine or three. Oh shit. Yeah. There's a lot of people out here tonight.
We started doing the show again. I'm a little I'm a I may be a little drunk and also a little
bit high. But how did you get high? I didn't see you smoking. Shut up. It doesn't. We're
on the same bus. It smelled like like Willie Nelson's bus. Okay. And it's just a sheet
of plywood with four wheels and there was some joints. What bus were you on? I was on the
bus paying attention. How did you not get high? I don't know. All right. Anyways, sure. It
doesn't matter. I'm 41. I need to grow up. I need to be a better person. This is all
very irresponsible. These people paid $10. They came here in record numbers tonight.
I would like to start a new religion just just to do it. Because I just finished listening
to Going Clear, the book about Scientology. Is it what's the perspective? Is it like it's
like starting a religion is like a fucking gangbusters fucking financial jackpot like
it's but also like helps a lot of people. No, for real, like I'm not kidding. Like here's
the thing going into it, like you think of Scientology have like all these weird like
kind of voodoo, you know, you heard about it and you have like these weird urban legends
that you've heard about it. Yeah, there's fucking crazy people are in charge and all
this stuff. But like listening to that book, like the 600 page book, the story of the thing,
what emerges is the same thing that emerges when you watch Book of Mormon, which we just
saw like people people make too much fun of new modern religions. Like it's like they're
fucking new. Like, of course, they're going to say that. Yeah, Jesus has a toothbrush for
a hat. Of course, they think they have nothing else to do. They're fucking like they're out
in the they're out in the wind, man. It's a new religion. Yeah, their only fault is
that they're so new that they can talk about stuff that like they have the concept of aliens.
So now aliens are part of it. Yeah. And then everyone's like, wow, think about that. Scientology
is a pretty good racket. Like, let's fuck it. Those motherfuckers like by the way, shit
going on like the money changed hands. And the fucking IRS went toe to toe with them
and they fucking beat them. They beat the government. That's a good religion. Any religion
that beats the fucking shit out of the government. Holy shit. What I love is when you get really
worked up, it looks like your parrot is nodding along. Yeah, that's right. That's a good religion.
Those fuckers like sat in a room with the IRS at one point. The IRS was like, like,
we don't know what to do anymore. You've bankrupted our fucking legal department. And Scientology
was like, yeah, we're at our knees to truce ceasefire. They fucking like made a they made
a fucking agreement with the best. What's what's what are the some of the tenants of
your new religion. Okay, well, here's the thing. Okay, so here's the thing. Okay, forget
that money making stuff. He just mentioned. I swear to God, that's not to start a religion.
Best part of our new religion. The Elron Hubbard of it doesn't give a fuck. Like, I don't,
I don't, I don't, I don't, I have no money to make. I don't want to, I don't, you just
set the opposite. No, no, no, no, no, I don't want to make any money. Oh, there. Okay.
Oh, sorry. Oh, you have to pee. Sorry. That's synchronized pee. There's a stress test in
the bathroom. There's two cans. You can't flush it unless you hold the cans. Is a pee
meter in there? No, I, it did seem like for two people that had to pee, like they were
very like, no, I have to. Oh, my God, I felt like they were Scientologists. Yeah, they're
calling Scientology right now, which is fine. Because I mean, I, anyways, I read the book.
A lot of people like benefit from any religion that you start. You don't have to actually
rob anybody blind. You don't have to do anything. I was like, like, Dianetics when Elron Hubbard
wrote Dianetics, it was kind of an open source kind of thing. You should also say that like,
when you were listening and reading to that movie, that movie, that book, that your, your
reaction every moment of it was like, Oh my God, this is fucking crazy. These people are
mistreating these other people. Like that's your, like, but, but you were also like, Oh,
you, Oh God, I could make my own. That's, that's possible. But like your reaction to Scientology
as a religion isn't like, Oh God, this is great. This is doing so much good for people.
Any religion does great for people. There's a, if you can call it a religion, it's doing
good for people. There's no such thing really. The only, the only thing that hurts people
is like a weird is government. It's, it's, it's, it's people. It's when you tell people,
you have to go into a fucking a double wide trailer and sit in there with no air conditioning
and do these things. That's, that's not religion. That's fucking government.
Did you change your mind since reading this book? What are you talking about? What do you
mean? I don't know. I don't want to sell you out. I'm saying like, like when you, if you,
if you say to people, I have a way, I have a philosophy, I have a way for you to connect
with the unknown of the universe, there's no way that can hurt anybody. That's not true.
Yeah, I could. What do you mean? All you have to do is give me all your money and go shoot
up this building and then you'll get in the habit. But that's government. That's, that's
what, what? That could be when, when you tell people what to do, then you're, that's not
religion. That is religion. Religion tells you what to do.
So then you think Scientology is government. So you want to make your own government or
you want to make your own religion that's not Scientology.
No, you could make a religion that didn't have anything to do. You wouldn't never have
to tell anybody what to do.
Well then what would people do?
Well then stop comparing it to Scientology.
So, so you, you wouldn't respect a religion unless it fucking branched over into politics
and government?
No, no, no, but you're saying that like, that if you tell people what to do, it's government
and Scientology does tell people what to do. So then I think it's government.
Forget, okay. Forget Scientology. Because,
But I mean, all religions tell people how to act.
Yeah.
What I'm saying is,
It's a huge part of it.
What I, what I read in that book is like, like,
Even your parents disagreeing with you.
He's shaking his head.
That's the first time he shook his head the whole time.
Which by the way, it's physically impossible for it to do. Must be religion.
We tend to politicize religion in a way that makes you say, okay, Mormonism, Scientology,
Jehovah's Witness, like, we, we, we weigh them on this scale.
But don't you think they politicize their own religion?
But, but we're too predisposed to do that.
I have a quick, quick question. And this is not to counter anything. I'm curious.
So I have a family member who's involved in the Christian religion and she really
Get her out. Get her out.
So she espouses this belief that she believes she's taught where the Lord will provide and
will take care of it and has been in two unhappy marriages and won't divorce for that reason.
And that, there's nothing political about that.
Is that, how would you answer to that?
Well, I didn't, I didn't, I'm too drunk and high to have heard all of that, but.
What I'm trying to say is that.
Now that the parrot just cried.
I didn't actually think anything I said would be that controversial. I'm pleased that it
is. I'm glad I got that response.
It's unintentional because truly whatever I'm, whatever, what I'm trying to say, it
shouldn't really be that controversial. What I, all I'm trying to say is that there's
a component of every religion that just atones the individual consumer with the unknown and
costs nothing and doesn't demand anything else.
But that's not at all what Scientology is about as far as I think, as far as I think.
But we're talking about, but, but, but when you, but you, you're rooting for Scientology
because they beat the government.
I'm not.
I'm sorry.
That was a different thing.
They also feed up on people's pocketbooks and make them rob from their families and friends
to pay for the un-fucking-known results of whatever they're fucking doing. Like I, I
know people that went through it and they got a lot of good out of it.
They actually, there's a lot about Scientology. It's clean living and like, like how
Christianity is the same and they're doing it on the surface of like, that's fine.
Every religion is about clean living. Every religion is about looking within yourself,
figuring out what you're ashamed of and, and laying it out there and like coming clean.
And there are people within every religion, every, even the ones that we call cults, there
are people that are, that belong to those organizations who get benefit out of it, who are just in
the middle of the bell curve, who are just like, oh, I, I walked into this thing and
a guy told me, put on this red hat and you're part of red hat-ism. And red hat-ism means
that you, you flap a hat up and down and then you go like, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, I used
to think that I was a bad person for jerking off, but now I don't feel that way anymore.
Like, like, good religion, like a street hot dog, like, ah, you guys really miss something.
Yeah, catch them up. There are, there are ordinary people who derive good results. Sure,
there are. But don't get me very good. Every single religion that you would ever make fun
of. I know, there's a positive side to every religion and that, you know, it gives you
something to believe in. And they actually, they're the ones that are keeping the things
going. Sure. When we hear the crazy stories about magic underwear or super-duper hats
or like, like they paid this money to this political fund or whatever, we, we weigh these
religions on a triple beam scale. So all I'm saying is, okay, so if that's the problem,
then what if you started a religion that didn't have any of that? If I could promise you,
you know, fuck Buddhism, lady in the front rows at Buddhism, no. I hope that's the title
of this episode. There's no, there's no, there's no, because there's not enough back
end. They didn't beat the IRS. It's not, it's Buddhism. It's too, there's too much Richard
Geer involved in it. It's too, it's, it's, you have a long way to go to explain your
love of religion and also the, the clear line you draw where it has to be a profit-based
stuff. I'm going to, it's not, there's not going to be a profit. I'm going to, I swear,
I know you've heard this before, but I swear I won't make any of you kill anybody. I don't
believe, I don't believe. Least of all yourselves. I swear to God this time. I know it seems,
I know it seems like, like, oh, he's going to, he comes in with one of these guys with
a religion. This time I swear you won't have to kill anybody.
Father Harmon. Father Harmon, I, I saw, I saw your flyer at Froyo and I, God, I, I just
moved to Los Angeles and I moved here with my husband and my daughter and I came home
and there was a note from him saying that I was an unfit mother and they've, they've
left me. I, I can't afford to pay my rent and I don't know who to turn to. I know that
I need something in my life. I saw on your flyer that you offer, you're not going to
tell me what to do, but you're going to make me feel good, but also I owe you money and
I just wanted to know. You don't owe me any money. No money.
I just, how do I, what do I, what do I do? How do I do?
Do you play bass? Because the first thing, we have a rock band, do we?
Yeah, I play, I play a little bass. Our band is called Pillars of Fire and we
are meeting. That's the first thing. We just need to put it, to put together a band.
The first problem, I, I, I, I, I might deal. The first problem with your religion is that
the band doesn't have a bass player.
Uh, have you heard of the Rolling Stones? Yeah.
Have you heard of Christianity? Thank you. Both of them needed bass players. I'm, I'm
a little drunk. I'm just saying, here's what I'm saying.
I, I, I just got a contact drunk off of that story.
I think people listening at home just got drunk. I agree with you because I think people
of our, in our demographics seem to dismiss religion offhandedly and without giving it
any sort of thought. All religion, the concept of religion, the concept of religion, because
every single religion, I think it gives people a lot of stuff, important stuff. I agree with
you on that.
That's the only thing that has never existed. What, what, what is your essence of how, like
what is the secret that you're giving or the, the comfort that you're giving?
Open source religion. It's like a first open source.
So it's like a Wikipedia of religion. You can just add to it. No one's ever, I'm out
as soon as I fanged it, uh, is that the, uh, found.
So what if somebody comes in and goes, I'm going to start taking some money, like people
will abuse it.
No, no, they can't do that. How?
If, if anybody makes money off of it, then it's not a religion.
That's a government.
Is there a theology to it there?
Yes. Uh, in the beginning, uh, there was a band without a bass player.
I, I, it seemed like there needed to be more religion and I made one. No, I don't know.
I'll figure that out later.
I, it's not, it also sounds to me, uh, and look, I, I, I have the sneaking suspicion
you haven't really thought this through that one, but it sounds to me that perhaps you
kind of fancy yourself the leader of this religion.
Nope. I swear to God. I swear to God.
What God?
What's your, what's your theology?
Uh, what is God and you're in this new religion?
He spit, spit ball it.
I, I don't want spoilers. It's an open source religion.
What does that mean?
Uh, that means Tyler in the front, uh, he can, he can, he makes it.
I think the slogan, I think the slogan, the first religion with spoilers is a new religion.
That's where you would know me.
Well, Christianity is the first one with spoilers.
No, but I don't know, he comes back in his religion. He like, he, he rolls it out.
You know how they back into, okay. Hey, yeah. Okay. All right. Okay.
This is, this is the beginning of a weird period of your life, I think.
Fuckin' A man. I'm 41.
This is your first step to becoming a Scientologist.
Also, look how you're dressed and you're saying this.
Do you think, do you think there was a, a really ship shaped screenplay in place before
they greenlit the Grinch that stole Christmas with Jim Carrey?
Or do you think they've camera tested some yellow contacts and they didn't know what
the fuck they were doing?
Yeah, but they stole Christmas.
Best case scenario, your religion is as good as the Grinch who stole Christmas.
With Jim Carrey.
You can, you can back into a project. You can say, this is our goal.
You just want to be the Grinch who stole Christmas of religions?
No.
That's what you're shooting for?
I would rather be fast, furious, seven, whatever number you thought done yet and one of the
actors died.
You can back into a number.
So Dan, if, if the Grinch who stole Christmas by Dr. Seuss is to the movie, the Grinch who
stole Christmas with Jim Carrey, what is the source material?
Like what is the, like if this is a religion you're backing into, like is there a, a thing?
Just a light spent feeling.
And I know, I know that makes me sound like a prophet and I don't, I'm, I swear to God.
We don't think it makes you sound like a prophet.
I promise.
You have my word.
The O-F-I-T.
We get this thing up and running.
I am out.
I promise I'm not a prophet.
What is going on?
I want to smoke what you had, man.
It was a fucking one.
You guys seem like you're taking this more seriously than I am.
Can we eat black?
No.
That pattern is whispering.
At what point you started, you started wagging your finger at us and got really, really
upset.
I'm sorry.
You want to do something terrible to people.
No.
I want, I want to.
It's like the point where you disappeared into a sooth shack today and you came out
changing.
Yeah.
You walked like an inch off the ground.
All right.
Well, for real.
Seriously.
All right.
Just think for a second about your fears about what happens after you die and just imagine
for one moment that I knew he's not a prophet.
He's not a prophet.
I swear to God, I'm not a prophet.
He's just a guy with a plastic parrot on his shoulder.
I'm saying hypothetically, if I knew, I knew, I knew.
My biggest fear is that you know.
Yeah, I don't want you to know.
If I did, then couldn't everybody, couldn't you just take us out of benign?
How many, what's your, what's the average salary of the people in this audience here?
What the fuck is going on?
I'm trying to alienate you.
What kind of question is this?
What if we put it into building a compound?
Everybody's like, oh, I'm the big bad guy.
Just think about it.
You fucking, you parasites.
Are you inferior?
They're definitely in that scenario.
If you guys can't see what I'm seeing, then maybe, maybe you should leave.
There's definitely a moment where someone's assigned to feed your parrot.
Speak to the people there.
Just think about what your soul wants.
Dan, Dan, I'm a, I'm a plumber.
I make $10,000 a year.
Well, you should make 20.
No, Dan!
Take her for your wife.
I am the parrot Gabriel fallen from heaven.
Just think about everything that you've ever wanted in your life.
And now imagine having twice as much.
And then now ask yourself why you don't have it.
And get mad.
I want you to get mad with me about you not having twice as much as you want.
You are allowed to have twice as much as you think you should have.
I just want to help you have more.
It's not fucking, it's not rocket science.
And it's not a cult.
It's not religion.
And I'm not a prophet.
I'm not doing anything to you.
You don't have to do anything I say ever.
You just have to wake up!
You just broke the mic stand of apathy.
We'll work on it.
Well, it's an open source religion.
It's open source.
You're going to feed into it.
What's it called?
It's called nothing, motherfucker.
It's called fuck you.
It's called...
It's called harm...
Harmonology.
Fuck.
It's a working title, working title.
It's called harmonology.
I just made that up.
I just made it up.
It's called harm.
It just fucking came out.
It just came out.
Harmonology.
I made it up.
This would have been such a fun time to bring up Luke.
All right, so usually at this time in our show,
we play judges and dragons, but I refused.
Yeah, I was not allowed to leave.
I told Spencer he wasn't allowed to go and work on D&D,
so he just had to come up and sit here dressed like...
I've been writing holy writings for you behind the scenes.
But I told him that I would DM for him.
You could come up here and I'll DM for you.
Whatever anybody wants, I'll do anything.
I like the sound of that.
All right, so Dan, you want to go to the table?
You want to switch?
Yeah, what time is it?
9.25.
Okay, that's a good time.
Oh shit, I really broke this.
You broke the mic, Stan.
Oh fuck.
All right, I'll pay for that.
But you'll pay for it.
All right, with your prayers.
Because it's not a cult.
By the way, don't say that anymore.
Don't say if you're starting a cult that it's not a cult.
Oh, we don't need it.
All right, hold on.
All right, I'm going to...
Okay, all right, thank you.
What the people at home missed was that
Dan reached for a bottle of vodka
and then Aaron gave him a bottle of water instead.
Here's your...
Thank you.
All right, Dan, I'll give you some music
and you'll just freestyle an intro.
Are we continuing our own...
No, this is a new campaign.
Everything is new.
Everything is not canon, right?
This is not canon?
This is a new campaign.
Side quest?
This is a new...
It's an elf's world?
This is a new RPG I've developed.
It's called This World.
Okay, let's do it.
Harmon...
Great. Sounds great, Dan.
Dan, are you ready to roll?
You guys are all playing yourselves, okay?
All of your stats are...
But I'll tell you where you are.
We're not making up characters, we're us.
I'm Jeff, Camille, Camille.
But I need dice. I don't have any dice.
You have to pretend.
Hit the table and see it.
Who has dice?
One of our comedians has dice,
which surprises almost nobody, which is great.
What's your name, sir?
Dylan has dice. Thank you, sir.
Dylan the Dice Man!
I love it.
By the way, perfect throw.
You hit him right in the hands.
Okay, thank you. Dylan's dice.
Dylan's dice. This is all I need.
What do you play, Dylan? What's your game?
D&D.
Maybe like a pen and pencil, so I can keep track of hit points.
How many hit points do I have in real life?
I can keep track of them.
Oh, Dylan, are these from the Collector's Edition
of the D&D, the box set thing?
Okay, whatever.
Thank you, Dylan.
This is how religions actually start.
With dice?
Or like, I need one small thing,
and then you give it to them, and then they want the world.
Anyone have a mortgage they can sign over? Thank you.
Spencer, Aaron, Matt.
She had to look to see who's on stage.
My name's Jeff.
And I'm Camel.
Plus, he's TV writing, where you're not even really moving.
No, I'd like to show you what I wrote.
And I can't wait to talk to you guys after tonight's show.
And Rob us of all of her worldly belongings?
I can't wait for it when you guys are like,
wow, that was fucking crazy. You made up a new game.
Oh, I thought you checked with the religions.
Okay, now it's a game.
Oh, that too.
Next week to be like, wow, this religion's taken off.
It's going to make people happy. I don't want anyone's money.
You keep saying that too.
It's not a cult. You don't want anyone's money.
It's not typically associated with the concept of religion.
Of course it is.
I'm not saying it's not evolved. It's not what comes to mind.
Think of crosses and bunnies and stuff.
Of course it is.
How many people thought about money after the word religion was said?
Yeah, this is the problem.
Well, fuck all you guys who raise your hands.
They need genuine fucking religion they can trust.
I hate this game.
It's a different thing. This is a new RPG.
This RPG is not.
Can you play the music?
It's not an indoctrination into my new religion.
I swear to God.
It should be.
All right, I'm going off my iPhone, so I'll have to go.
Just play a new cool song.
Okay, you ready?
Yeah.
It's fine. I don't care.
Introduce it.
That's fine. I don't care.
It's Kumeil and Jeff.
You guys are in a three-foot cube.
What?
Yeah.
Are we regular size?
Okay, so that size.
Yeah.
Our lives suck.
Are we a liquid form?
Are there poop holes in the cube?
Are we just pooping on each other?
Yes.
You've only been there for like three minutes.
Okay, all right.
So all these questions are...
You guys are in a three-foot cube, all right?
Okay.
All right.
Matt and Aaron, you guys are in a boat.
That's way back.
Easy streets.
On a river.
We're in a cube?
I guess.
Spencer, you're in a rock.
You're in a giant rock.
I'm in a rock?
You're in a huge rock.
On top of it.
How close are these three things to each other?
Spencer, you can see
a river going east and west
beneath you.
Okay.
He's not a prophet.
He's not a prophet, you guys.
No.
We're still in a three-foot cube.
Is it opaque or transparent?
Can we see out of it?
There's no light. There's no light source.
So if we just end up there, it takes us a couple...
Wait, is that you, Jeff?
Is the intro over?
Are we going to stop the music?
Wait.
Who's playing the music?
Me.
I was giving you a Spencer intro music
so you could set the scene.
Did you not notice the music?
Did you not fucking notice it?
Everyone noticed it.
Waiting for him to...
I thought you were going to give us...
You're going to set the stage for us.
With that music?
Really?
Okay, now the stage is set.
Now let's go. He's on a rock.
You really thought I would set the stage for that music?
I think you did an appropriate job.
I think you guys met...
You met in the middle?
With the stage is set, we know where we are.
Are you saying that you...
If I give you spooky music, will you give us a spooky?
You can give me any music you want.
Now that I know that I'm supposed to set the stage, I'll do that.
I gave you Bluebell Poco by Jimmy Shen.
Wait, he did set the stage. That was the stage.
Dan, not that they're connected,
but your parrot looks very embarrassed right now.
Do you want proper spooky DM music?
Yeah, parrots.
I wish I was real parrots that could fly away.
I don't need anything,
but I will set the stage.
You just...
Yeah.
Kumail and Jeff.
Where did your life go?
What happened?
In it.
In it. You don't know.
As your blurry eyes,
blink and
flicker.
Our eyes are flickering.
They start to take in
what appears to be total darkness.
So taking nothing at all?
Okay.
Aaron and Matt,
you also
are confused
about your previous goings
and comings.
But find yourselves now
in a boat raft
going east
down a river
which seems to also go west.
Spencer,
your knees are weary from kneeling.
As your aching muscles
bend and break,
your muscles break.
Your muscles are breaking.
You rise up,
your six foot frame
hulking into the sky
air.
You take in the world around you.
Is this
Galdivan?
The lost continent
that your father
told you about?
Who knows?
You are Elrond
Hubbarding so hard right now.
Creating a myth.
Galdivan.
I could do it better than him, man.
Could it be
this world is yours
for the inhabiting?
Who could know?
And who could see?
It's up to you.
And up to me.
That sounded like, you know how sometimes
you could translate a web page into Russian
and then back into English?
He's battle fishing.
Yeah.
We're at Kumail and Jeff's turn.
Where did your mouth get to?
We're in a three foot cube together.
Oh.
You feel a wriggling
inside of the three foot cube
but it seems another person
is in there with him.
Kumail, is that your asshole?
How did you recognize me by that?
And yes.
Look,
deprived of all other sensory
inputs,
I just had a feeling
that this was certainly a Nanjiani
a-hole.
You guys continue to talk about that.
I think one way out of this, I have a theory.
Maybe you should
lick it. Maybe we'll see what happens.
I lick Kumail's asshole.
You've spent that turn
talking about it.
Spencer, you are...
I mean, we're not out,
but it works.
You spent a round talking about it.
Spencer, you...
That's not a round.
That's not a full action.
Well, I guess licking my asshole...
Tiny spider sized holes open up
in the box and spiders
come in.
Oh, shit.
What's your...
spider save is?
At least my asshole got licked.
Fuck you guys. You guys are getting bit by spiders.
Hey, spiders,
work your way to my asshole.
They don't talk, you're getting bit by spiders.
Both of you take damage.
Alright, Spencer,
you stand up
on top of a big rock.
Sure, yeah.
You can see a river below you.
What do I... Do I have an inventory?
Yeah, you have three bags,
two ropes,
three sticks,
two shoes,
a hammer,
a corkscrew,
a three foot
strip of leather.
I lash some of the strips of wood together
and create a frame,
and then I put a sack over it,
almost like a sackcloth, and I put another sackcloth
in a bundle atop,
almost like a head, and then I put it down
at the shore, and I hide behind the rock
and look to see if anyone
sees this crude figure I've
constructed on the shore,
maybe by the riverside or something,
and I just sit and watch, hoping for some clues
from Gal Devon.
Yeah.
This is the land.
Figure out of leather and
sticks, you sit
behind a rock. Yeah.
Alright.
Aaron and Matt,
you're on a boat, you're going down,
getting east.
Could be worse, we could be in a cube.
I say we just rest this action
out, relax.
I'm having a great time, I don't want to
bring any drama into the situation, but I have
some margaritas. I was just going to offer you
a mimosa.
Well, let's trade.
I'll bring this to your mouth, and you bring
your drink to my mouth. What's
your perception?
What? That life is pretty good.
And we don't need no religion.
You hear gurgling
from the wood line.
Oh.
What's a wood line?
A tree line.
A wood line.
I mean, maybe we've
caught some more fillets.
Oh, maybe.
What's your dexterity?
Both of you have ten.
Matt Goorley,
an arrow
shoots from the wood line
into your...
into your knee.
Wait, you had six options of body parts there.
Doing
four damage.
Oh, my knee.
This day was going so well.
You got shot in the knee.
It appears to be a goblin.
You recognize it as a goblin
arrow.
They use a specific type
of stone
on the heads of their arrows.
Oh, it's quartz
with a bit of theodolite.
That makes sense.
Jeff and Kumail,
you feel there are rustling
as if your cube
has been rustled.
Hey, is there rustling?
I'm too busy
being attacked by spiders.
Well, spiders aren't really dangerous, though.
I think that it's just icky that they're here,
but it's not anything real, right?
We took damage, though, didn't we?
No, we didn't.
We're taking damage here, man.
Should we push?
On the count of three, let's push
as hard as we can on all sides of this cube
and try to get out of this.
I think I know what's going to happen.
One, two, three.
Ah!
Matt and Aaron...
You hear a strange sound from below deck.
A kind of collapsing.
Oh, we're under the boat.
We're in the boat.
Kumail and Jeff, you...
The bright light hits your eyes
for the first time in six months.
We've been in this cube for six months.
I thought it was three minutes.
This cube is full of shit.
So is the DM.
You hear male voices from below deck.
I brandished my goblin-killing sword,
and I just...
to protect myself,
because I was going to take care of this guy,
I run downstairs.
Ah!
Come party upstairs.
Who's here?
That happens.
Hey, we're friends.
Aaron is Jeff and Kumail.
Oh, guys.
I'll leave you alone.
No, no, no, no.
Matt, there.
It's what we thought was going to happen, happened.
And I know we're very happy about it.
We should give them some time.
Yeah, let them do it.
That old goblin wound down there.
A little tincture, a little poultice.
There we go. That's better.
I feel good, no matter what any dice roll will tell you.
Taking control of my own destiny.
Looking outside the glass bubble.
What is reality?
Spencer, from high atop your perch,
you see in the distance to the west,
moving down the river,
a boat-shaped object,
sailing in sailing-ness,
down the eastward direction.
Tell us, Prophet.
Okay.
There's a boat.
Who's in that boat?
I'm going to lift up this crude effigy I made,
and I'm going to attempt to hurl it.
I'm sure I'm going to fail,
and throw it at the boat.
I like your resolution mechanic system here.
Very unique.
Lot of rolls.
Aaron, Matt, and Kumail,
you hear a splash.
Jeff, you see an effigy
fly through frame and into the water.
My sister's drowning.
You hear a voice say that.
An effigy!
What, you heard it?
I heard it.
I sounded like an effigy splash.
Was that what it was?
I saw a thing.
You said you heard what you think was an effigy.
I can't be a hundo, but it felt
sounded like an effigy in the water.
I didn't hear it hit water.
I just saw it.
It was an effigy!
Fuck yeah!
Still got it.
Man, that sounded like a plain idol to me.
You got a good ear.
Yeah, it's totally an effigy.
Scraaaah!
I need perception numbers
from each person.
Spencer?
I have plus six.
Good.
I'm pretty astute.
I know all your perceptions.
I got good.
What's mine?
You rolled a two.
What's my perception number?
You don't even know.
So it must be bad.
How could you know?
Ask Schrodinger, where's his cat?
It's in the box.
Is it?
Yeah.
It's in the box.
I don't know.
The question was not whether or not
it's in the box.
I don't know!
We all know it's in the box.
Who let this fucker drive?
Dragons are flying at you!
Dragons!
I throw it here.
Six dragons!
I run below deck
and I use my sword to hack open the box
to let out Camille and Jill.
They're out! Their box fell apart.
I don't know that.
Six dragons!
Roll for initiative. I'll roll.
None of you have initiative.
All the dragons have initiative.
Are you the six dragons?
Six dragons.
Each of them are the size of a football field.
Gods!
100 yards!
And they're baby...
Just this is a footnote.
How wide are they?
They're baby dragons.
They're 100 yards long.
As wide as a football field.
As wide as the length of a football field.
No, as wide as the length of a football field.
They're perfectly square dragons.
They're Instagram dragons.
No, they're oblong dragons.
They're oblong dragons.
They're 100 yards long
and 30 yards wide.
Oblong dragons!
They scream.
Get used to it.
I summon
a Supreme Wrath.
They have initiative.
I still summon it.
All six of them are going to attack.
I'm summoning it while you're doing it.
They're attacking you.
You just have to kill us.
Good luck because I'm summoning Supreme Wrath.
One dragon attacks
Aaron.
Holy shit.
One dragon asks his mom whether he thinks it's attractive.
One attacks Spencer.
One attacks Jeff.
One attacks Aaron.
You're fucking full of shit.
They're basically attacking all of you.
You each get attracted by one dragon.
I summon Supreme Wrath.
Supreme Wrath.
They have initiative.
You said they attack.
Yeah, wait to find the result.
Okay.
Jesus Christ.
So each dragon
you get attacked.
All right, you're all right.
You're all right.
A dragon tries to attack Camille and it misses.
All right.
The same thing happens to Jeff.
It's like it chomps out of him
because it misses.
Supreme Wrath.
Gorley gets bit on the shoulder
by a dragon.
I don't need that shoulder.
Leaving him with
20.
20?
Great.
Dollars?
Aaron gets bit.
I was attacked by two dragons.
60.
Spencer
I got bit 60.
80.
Basically what happens is
I'm going to go...
Wait.
Camille's walking over to her.
This is a 17.
That's a dragon.
That's an attack roll.
I was expecting his dice.
17 equal 80 damage to him.
How does 17, what math
what math leads
17 to become 80?
It's an attack roll versus his armor.
Now the parrot looks guilty.
Is there a math where that can work?
No.
There might be some obscure system of numbers.
A high number means it's hit.
Is it being multiplied by an imaginary number?
No.
What number multiplied by 17 gives you 80?
Let's continue.
For a guy who says he doesn't want to be a prophet
you have tremendous God issues.
You guys are bummed out
because you're getting attacked by dragons.
I'm fine.
I don't think I have 80 hit points.
I fall on my knees
and I summon the power
of the God of Harmon.
I feel like...
What have you done?
Woman!
You killed us all!
Aaron falls to her knees.
I summon the God of Spencer,
old school Spencer.
Spencer is dead
but Aaron falls to her knees
and she...
You just killed Spencer?
If I have less than 80 hit points
I think Aaron might have less than 60.
Aaron is saying things like
I know you're not a prophet.
I know this isn't a big deal.
I know this isn't a religion.
Everything's fine.
You changed everything.
You changed everything but you don't need to.
There's no money on the back end for you.
You're a good person.
You're not a prophet.
And...
Spencer's wounds are healing.
They're closing up.
He's gaining strength.
He's becoming a more powerful character.
Because Aaron did it right.
Didn't you say I was...
Did what right?
She prayed to me.
She said that I was a God
and that I could...
She said that I didn't want to be.
Spencer is God! He's healing!
All hail Spencer!
The Messiah!
He's back!
Spencer!
You guys have it wrong.
You have it wrong.
A tree falls on Spencer.
It's a sign!
I want to try and dodge.
When you dodge
do you say
that you admire me?
Admire Dan Harmon.
Admire...
Do you acknowledge that I don't want to be
anybody's prophet?
I just want to help people.
I just want to...
I just want people to be happy.
No, that's fucked up.
He's dead.
You enrolled a guy.
He's in this universe that are
fade-a-complete.
There's spiders all over all of you.
There's spiders everywhere.
There's 100 spiders on each of you.
Are they poisonous or they...
Yes.
Fuck, I shouldn't have clarified.
I go down into the cube and just...
Just hang...
The spiders are laying dragon eggs.
Can I have a round?
Yeah.
Okay, he's like...
What?
He's...
You know, some would call
kind of a prophet as well.
I summoned him and he...
Yeah, he's here.
And I cast
Logic Fight with
Dan Harmon.
You want Buddha to fight
Dan Harmon?
Dan Harmon's god, yeah.
It doesn't look good.
Buddha, like...
He's like...
He turns purple and he's like
deflating like a balloon.
And I,
Dan Harmon, like standing over him
and Buddha is like dying.
He's dead.
He's like... He just killed Buddha?
Okay, I summoned Allah
and just know that this podcast
is going out in the real world.
Right.
Okay, alright.
Let's see what happens.
Alright, so Allah...
Allah shows up
and Dan Harmon's like...
What's up? And Allah's like
hey...
I have no quarrel with you.
And Allah's like...
Cool word.
And he leaves. He walks away.
He just goes away.
But they're cool. They're cool.
Buddha wasn't cool.
No, Buddha
fucking crossed the line.
I summon Elrond Hubbard.
Elrond Hubbard appears.
Okay, alright.
Cool.
He turns purple and dies.
Allah's like... Allah's down the street.
He's fine.
I summon...
Because I don't want that trouble.
I summon your mom circa 1980.
Alright.
My mom shows up in 1980.
She's like, why are you... What are you doing?
I'm like...
I cast...
My cast find me attractive.
It doesn't work.
I just...
There's no number high enough on this die.
Yeah, I charm her.
And she's like...
You're a good writer.
Now I know it's a fantasy.
And she's like...
You should take a bath.
I hated season 4.
So I'm taking a bath now.
With my mom's being a little too
proactive about washing me.
Over this?
I don't know.
It's good to be clean.
You're going to make sure you're clean.
But I'm 11.
This is really fascinating.
It's fucked up.
This is one of the most lonely experiments I've ever seen.
Can we everybody just tiptoe
out?
Dan doesn't know any of you
are here right now.
You guys show up for Harvard Town next week.
She's still rolling down.
She's like...
You're clean now, but I'm crying.
I go to bed.
I'm sleeping.
I have weird dreams, and they're loud.
I feel like it's loud.
The sounds are loud.
Now I've been given an etch-a-sketch
for Christmas.
And you draw the image of Allah.
I'm actually drawing.
I'm figuring out that
through the lines
you can see
a weird metallic thing underneath it.
So I'm scraping
the entire etch-a-sketch
methodically so I can see what's underneath it.
And it's just two armatures
and a bullet-shaped
metal thing.
And it's disturbing.
Because it's coated in graphite
and it's
disturbing.
It feels like pornography.
It feels like the world
has been controlled by robots.
Now dad's home. It's 9.30.
Oh, fuck.
Shit just got real.
And he's not...
He's fucking... He's going through shit of his own.
Because he's basically me,
but...
28?
Let's be real.
And his job is to take customers out
and fucking, you know...
carry it on his shoulder right now.
Now he's coming home and his mom's like
well, the children are terrible.
And he's like...
Hold on, I'm rolling.
He's like, what do you want me to do?
She's like, I want you to be a father.
Oh, okay.
Is this being a father?
Alright, he's taking off his belt.
He's being sarcastic, but the kids
don't know. The kids don't know
what sarcasm is.
What's your reflex safe?
I can't save,
because the kids don't know.
They just feel like
they did something wrong
or they did something wrong.
So the dad's going, okay, this is what you want me to do.
He's... Alright.
He's successfully beaten the children.
Are there still spiders on this?
Yes, spiders everywhere.
There's spiders on everything.
I'm going to cast End Harmontown.
Thank you for coming, everybody.
Wait a minute.
There is a God.
Matt Goorley.
Erin McGathy.
Spencer Crittenden and Kumail Nanjiani.
I'm Jeff Davis.
Oh, worship.
Dan Harmon.
Next week, we start in this new religion.
We're going to start in this new religion.
Right, Jeff?
Oh, yeah.
I think you laid down the basic tenets of it already.
We got the groundwork laid.
If anyone wants to keep role-playing,
I'm going to be here all night.
Did you have a stroke during the show?
It wasn't a bad show, though, right?
It was a good show.
Roll a D20 and find out how good the show is.
I'd be honest.
It was a five out of 20.
It was a good show, though, right?
I thought so, yeah.
You're a good person.
We got drunk and high and we went to the red fair.
You're good for coming here.
Ten dollars. What are you going to do?
Can I...
You could spend...
You could play three free-view games
on the App Store.
You'll be spending more than that.
Also, if the store is closed,
you don't have to exit out the back door, if you will, please?
Oh, where was the fella...
Whose dice are these? Dwayne?
Dylan, thanks for the dice, Dylan.
Congratulations, Luke and Haley, was it?
Yes.
Congratulations, Luke and Haley,
on your prom-posal.
Thank you.
Is that yours?
Yes.